[21783] Update roadmap, release support and versions for `v3.1.0` release (#5318)
eProsima/Fast-DDS: versions.md

Forthcoming
-----------

Version v3.1.0
--------------

* Allow `PERSISTENT_DURABILITY` behaving as `TRANSIENT_DURABILITY`. Fallback to `TRANSIENT_LOCAL_DURABILITY` if no persistence guid is set.
* Fix DomainParticipantQos equality operator by using the new `DomainParticipantQos::compare_flow_controllers`.

> * Added new xml qos overloads for domainparticipant, datawriter and datareader:
>   * ``get_X_qos_from_xml``
>   * ``get_X_qos_from_xml``
>   * ``get_default_X_qos_from_xml``

Reviewer: I would add here the dyn net interfaces and remove it from the roadmap, together with a NIT:
```suggestion
* Complete support for dynamic network interfaces
* Add new XML QoS overloads for ``DomainParticipant``, ``DataWriter`` and ``DataReader``:
  * ``get_X_qos_from_xml`` (without profile name)
  * ``get_X_qos_from_xml`` (profile name given)
  * ``get_default_X_qos_from_xml``
```
